Documentation for latest logout changes (#1624)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: securing_apps/topics/oidc/java/logout.adoc

You can log out of a web application in multiple ways.
For Jakarta EE servlet containers, you can call `HttpServletRequest.logout()`. For other browser applications, you can redirect the browser to
`\http://auth-server{kc_realms_path}/{realm-name}/protocol/openid-connect/logout`, which logs the user out if that user has an SSO session with his browser. The actual logout is done once
the user confirms the logout. You can optionally include parameters such as `id_token_hint`, `post_logout_redirect_uri`, `client_id` and others as described in the
https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-rpinitiated-1_0.html[OpenID Connect RP-Initiated Logout]. As a result, that logout does not need to be explicitly confirmed

> by the user if `id_token_hint` parameter is included. After logout, user will be automatically redirected to the specified `post_logout_redirect_uri` as long as it is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by the user if you include the `id_token_hint` parameter. After logout, the user will be automatically redirected to the specified `post_logout_redirect_uri` as long as it is provided.
```

> Note that it is needed to include either `client_id` or `id_token_hint` parameter in case that `post_logout_redirect_uri` is included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you need to include either the `client_id` or `id_token_hint` parameter in case that `post_logout_redirect_uri` is included.
```
